# skweak: Weak supervision for NLP
## Description
Weak supervision in NER involves replacing manually labeled 'ground truth' with programmatically applied labeling functions that identify entity categories in texts. The results are aggregated into a probabilistic annotation layer that may contain noisy labels, as the generative model utilizes multiple labeling functions. This approach enables the creation of large annotated datasets without the need for expensive manual labeling.
<p> This repo contains the code that was inspired from the paper "skweak: Weak Supervision Made Easy for NLP" and modified with custom functions to apply a Weak supervision approach to automate the annotation of Named Entities for Low Resource NER datasets. THis approah was designed for the MULTICONER-2021 Dataset.</p>

### File Structure 
<b>SkWeak folder</b> - contains all the utilites and functions for running skweak.<br>
<b>conll2jsonparse.py</b> - code to convert the ner data from conll format to spacy's json format. <br>
<b>LabelNER.py</b> - contains labelling functions for detecting the primary entities - LOC, ORG, PER and MISC. <br>
<b>LabelNER_mconer.py</b> - contains labelling functions for detecting entities(LOC, PER, GRP, CORP, PROD, CW) from the multiconer dataset .<br>
<b>skw.py</b> - code for aggregating and applying the labelling functions to create noisy labels for a dataset.<br>
<b>eval.py</b> - code to evaluate the noisy labels generated by the Skweak against a test set.<br>



## Reference Code
Code was modified and taken from :
[Wiki](https://github.com/NorskRegnesentral/skweak/wiki). 

## Citation

You can refer the actual paper describing the framework: 

Pierre Lison, Jeremy Barnes and Aliaksandr Hubin (2021), "[skweak: Weak Supervision Made Easy for NLP](http://arxiv.org/abs/2104.09683)", *arXiv:2104.09683*

```bibtex
@misc{lison2021skweak,
      title={skweak: Weak Supervision Made Easy for NLP}, 
      author={Pierre Lison and Jeremy Barnes and Aliaksandr Hubin},
      year={2021},
      eprint={2104.09683},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CL}
}
```
